h1. ZLT

This is a toy project I put together to teach myself clojure and some of the associated libraries.
My hope, besides scratching my own itch, is to provide some sample code with documentation, 
to shorten the learning curve of others. I'm afraid that I find code samples that I have found so
far to not be very adequate for my purposes.

This project is a web-based flashcard program for learning chinese characters. If you are looking
for a flashcard program, there are better options out there. jMemorize and Anki are freely
available, and memrise provides an excellent, free, web based option. 

What I do include, that hasn't been available in the programs I have been using, is character
lookup using cedict open source character dictionary. 

h2. Caveats

I do not code for a living. I do this little bit for fun and learning. I am open to constructive 
criticism, as I'm sure there is plenty of room for improvement here.

h2. Dependencies

Besides the aforementioned cedict chinese character dictionary, I am using 

* lein - a clojure build tool. I would recommend using lein or cake to manage project dependencies
* ring - a web applications library
* compojure - a web framework for clojure
* enlive - a library for transforming html documents
* clojureql - a DSL for jdbc
* h2 - a java rdbms, for an embedded database

h2. Setup

At this point, I've got functions to create the required db tables. I ran those functions
from the REPL. I currently start up a swank server from lein for testing and development.

h2. What is already done.

* Some basic web pages.
* Search cedict by simplified character
* Create a flashcard and add it to the single global deck
* Edit a flashcard
* Delete a flashcard

h2. To be done

* Basic flashcard review
* Improve the visual appearance of the web pages
* Automated creation of database tables
* Lookup based on traditional character, english, or pinyin
* integration with google translate
* Figure out how to use git
 

 